Dima and Masha are running from political turmoil in their home country. They first have to hide their most valuable possessions, to keep them safe from the government.

They can bury some in the local cemetery, plaster some in the walls of the house, bind others up in old books. They can't deposit anything in the bank because the police will find those easily.

Their friends Sue and George are worried. George asks Sue, "How can they hide their valuables?"

Based on Sue's, George concludes, "Sue knows how Dima and Masha can hide their valuables."

How likely is it that Sue gave a response like, "They can bury them in the local cemetery"?





Fido the dog buried his toys in the backyard last week. He hid them so well that now he cannot seem to find any. A neighbor, Jill, comes over to help Mary, Fido's owner, find the toys in the yard.

Fido can hide his toys behind the shed, next to the large tree, under the swing set, and under the deck. But not in the middle of the yard, on the side of the house, or near the mailbox.

Mary asks Jill, "Where can Fido hide his toys?"

Based on Jill's answer, Mary concludes, "Jill knows where Fido can hide his toys."

How likely is it that Jill gave an answer like, "He can bury them behind the shed"?




The Paris Hotel only accommodates seven people in a hotel room. The Vellucis have decided to go on vacation and stay in a fancy hotel. Mom and Dad allowed Amanda to invite three friends to come on vacation with them.

Amanda can invite Jenny, Buster, and Janice because they're available, but not Robbie and Sally.

Mom asks Dad, "Who can Amanda invite?"

Based on Dad's answer, Mom concludes, "Dad knows who Amanda can invite."

How likely is it that Dad gave an answer like, "Jenny"?



For a summer trip, two friends Meg and Xavier are traveling to Petra in Jordan. Petra, an ancient city, has walls surrounding the city, so you can only enter at certain places and you have to pay an entrance fee.

They will be there for multiple days. They can sneak into the city, pay the entrance fee, and they can work in exchange for free entrance. They can't apply for student passes, because they have already graduated.

Their two friends Tonia and Jill are discussing Meg and Xavier's trip. Tonia asks Jill, "How can they get into Petra?"

Based on Jill's answer, Tonia concludes, "Jill knows how they can get into Petra."

How likely is it that Jill gave an answer like, "They can sneak into the city"?




Davey bought too much chocolate from Costco the other day. He asks his friend Mackenzie to hide the chocolate for him, or else he will eat it all.

Mackenzie can store the chocolate in the dresser drawers, in the linen closet, and inside Davey's suitcase, but not in the freezer or in Davey's desk.

Later, Davey asks his friend Joe, "Where can Mackenzie store the chocolate?"

Given Joe's answer, Davey concludes, "Joe knows where Mackenzie can store the chocolate."

How likely is it that Joe gave an answer like, "In the dresser drawers"?




Christina and Gabe are deciding who they're going to select for office party planning committee this year. They can ask Bill, Jimmy, Cate, and Veronica because they're not too busy. Sam and Ezra already have too many obligations to be on the committee.

Their boss asks the manager, "Who can Christina and Gabe select?"

Based on the manager's answer, the boss concludes, "The manager knows who Christina and Gabe can select."

How likely is it that the manager gave an answer like, "Bill"?



Tim needs some advice about what he should do after high school because he's not sure about going to college just yet.

He can ask his friends for advice, read several coming-of-age memoirs about college, and he go to the guidance counselor's office. He can't really ask his parents, because they have already decided that he must go to college.

His brother asks his sister, "How can Tim decide about college?"

Based on his sister's answer, Tim's brother reports, "She knows how Tim can decide about college."

How likely is it that his sister gave an answer like, "He can ask his friends for advice"?



Billy, Susie and their neighbors are playing hide and seek in the park. It is his turn to close his eyes and count to ten.

His friends can hide under the slide, in the tunnel, and behind the swings, but not in the tree.

Later, Billy's mom asks Susie's dad, "Where can the kids hide?"

Based on Susie's dad's answer, and Billy's mom reports, "Susie's dad knows where the kids can hide."

How likely is it that Susie's dad gave an answer like, "Under the slide"?




There are six sales associates working at Nordstrom's on Black Friday. A notoriously difficult but regular customer has come into the store today. The manager and assistant manager, who usually help this customer, are very busy.

Dana, Crystal and Molly are all very professional sales associates, and can help customer with their needs. Parker and Taylor can be unhelpful and inattentive to customers.

The manager asks the assistant manager, "Who can help the customer?"

Based on the assistant manager's answer, the manager concludes, "The assistant manager knows who can help the customer."

How likely is it that the assistant manager gave an answer like, "Dana"?




Zack is going on vacation to California and really wants to see the Hollywood Sign.

He can see the sign while hiking in Beachwood Canyon, while walking through Lake Hollywood Park, and when visiting the Griffith Observatory. However, he can't see it from Downtown or while hiking in Runyon Canyon Park.

Later, his dad asks his sister Fiona, "How can Zack see the Hollywood sign?"

Based on Fiona's response, his dad concludes, "Fiona knows how Zack can see the Hollywood sign".

How likely is it that Fiona gave an answer like, "While hiking in Beachwood Canyon"?





The psychologist at a local primary school is looking to hire some interns. This year they have five candidates: John, Gwen, Greg, Sam, and Megan.

The psychologist can interview Gwen, John and Greg, but not Sam or Megan because they're underqualified.

The vice principle asks the psychologist's assistant, "Who can the psychologist interview?"

Based on the assistant's response, the vice principle concludes, "The assistant knows who the psychologist can interview."

How likely is it that the assistant gave an answer like, "Gwen"?



Mary has a special bucket list item she wishes to check off her list, and first on the list is to view the Northern Lights. She and her friend Abby are going on a road trip, from Maine to Alaska, and stopping in New York, and Ohio before going up to Minnesota and then Canada.

They can see the Northern Lights in Maine, Alaska and Canada, but not New York or Ohio.

Mary's daughter asks Abby's sister, "Where can they see the Northern Lights?"

Based on Abby's sister's response, Mary's daughter concludes, "Abby's sister knows where they can see the Northern Lights."

How likely is it that Abby's sister gave an answer like, "In Maine"?

